Today, over 600 Witnesses worldwide
are imprisoned for remaining neutral
in world affairs.
Join us as we visit
the Legal Department at world headquarters.
They work tirelessly
to help our brothers legally
and to protect our rights
to publicly witness to others.
Please watch.
In carrying out the responsibility
to do God’s will,
Jehovah’s Witnesses
have met with legal challenges.
All right, children,
let’s stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
These challenges have been many
and, at times, severe.
There’s no time to lose.
We need to get her into surgery right away,
and we need to prepare
for a blood transfusion.
This has led to the establishment
of a Legal Department, which is located
at the Watchtower Educational Center
in Patterson, New York.
Under the direction of the Governing Body
and the United States Branch Committee,
the Legal Department works
to protect our legal rights to worship.
When restrictions are placed
on our activities, we work
to ‘defend and legally establish
the good news.’
Let’s examine a case
that was taken all the way
to the United States Supreme Court.
The town of Stratton, Ohio
passed an ordinance
requiring that anyone wanting to engage
in door-to-door activity
had to obtain a permit from the mayor.
The ordinances that were enacted
were specifically designed
to restrict the activity
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
The Witnesses tried to work
the matter out with the municipality,
with the village,
but the village was insistent
that our brothers and sisters obtain permits
prior to going from door to door.
This permit scheme was upheld
in the lower courts in Ohio.
Thus, the case was appealed
to the United States Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court ruled in our favor and held
that such ordinances are unconstitutional
as applied to the public ministry
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Even now, we still have some municipalities
that would like to enforce
their permit regulation
against our brothers and sisters.
We turn their attention
to the Stratton  decision,
and the issue is resolved.
Since 1919,
Jehovah’s Witnesses
have obtained 50 victories
before the United States Supreme Court.
Just as extraordinary,
we have prevailed
in the European Court of Human Rights
over 50 times.
Jehovah’s Witnesses
do not seek confrontation.
They prefer to quietly serve God.
But when events unfold
that force them to stand up
and say: ‘I won’t do this’
or ‘I have to do that
because my faith compels me to do so’
—it is remarkable to see the steel-like
determination of these individuals
who have looked into the eyes of judges,
magistrates, and police officers
and have simply said: ‘I have to obey God.’
What part can you play in ‘defending
and legally establishing the good news’?
You can stay informed of legal developments
by means of reports provided
by “the faithful and discreet slave.”
You can ask Jehovah in prayer to give
your brothers and sisters
“the power beyond what is normal”
and for his will to be done.
Also,
you can faithfully maintain your integrity
to Jehovah even when facing opposition.
And thank you again for respecting my wishes.
You’re very welcome.
How grateful we are to Jehovah,
who has granted his people
the legal victories needed
to freely carry out our worship!
Hi, folks, I know you have your ministry,
but when people call . . .
It is the Legal Department’s privilege
to work “shoulder to shoulder” with you
in ‘defending and legally establishing
the good news.’